Hamburg, Fall 2018, Day 0
At nighttime, a huge freight ship is being loaded and unloaded at the Hamburg harbor. 
The automated loading robots are circling it as if bees are circling their queen. After 
checking, the ship sets off immediately and disappears int o the gathering fog. Later, it 
emerges several days early at its destination port without a single container.
Unknown, Day 0
In a dark room, where nothing can be seen, a match is lit. We see a young, hunched 
woman with a violin in her arms, who looks around and sees the faces of two other 
anxious people in the dark.
Berlin, Day 1
A young violinist is playing on an old aboveground metro station. Instead of a metro, a 
shipping container is washed ashore by a huge wave. Inside of this container, there are 
around 30 Koreans – Men, women and children. The waiting people rescue them from the 
floods. People are confused and disoriented. The young man, FRANK, helps a young 
Korean girl out of the container. She saved her violin on the journey. Her name is NORI.
It turns out that she wanted to flee North Korea with her parents in these containers. Both 
were housed in different containers. Both containers have been loaded onto a ship, but 
after a storm, one container ended up here. Through the phone of another Korean girl, 
she gets the information that her parents are still alive - somewhere in a container that 
only has oxygen for 24 hours.
He reports the disaster to authorities and wants to help the young, attractive woman, but 
the authorities react in disbelief and too slow. Since he promised the young woman to 
help find her parents, he has to deal with the fact that he has to do it by himself. He has to 
act on his own behalf and free himself from his restraints.
Hamburg, Day 1
Despite logic, contrary assurances, WILFRIED can’t stop thinking about the disappearance 
of a freight ship last September and starts investigating on his own from home. He is a 
single parent with his daughter Liana, who thinks his work is boring. As he tells her of his 
thoughts to impress her, she immediately thinks of a worldwide conspiracy of super aliens 
and posts all over her chatrooms. Wilfried denies these absurd thoughts and continues to 
search for a logical explanation.
San Diego, Day 1
BUD uses the quiet in his office to send software routines through the global Facebook 
networks that are set to reveal peculiarities and unusual phenomena. He is bored with his 
job and hopes for an adventure.
His routines discover similarities in the electronic communications sector by Frank, Liane 
and Nori, who tell their friends on Facebook and Twitter about their experiences. He gets 
in touch with them and promises to expand his search routines. In the evening, he tells 
this to his roommate Ken who ridicules him